for the first time ever Jack Frost is
coming home for the holidays on a deluxe
edition DVD Oh whistle up a winter like
a Christmas wonderland watch Jack as he
works his magic to bring joy back to
January Junction
Jack Frost not only revealed magician
you're a hero the remastered holiday
classic is now more vibrant than ever
it's what
don't miss the fun-filled special
features like crafty creations and so
magical sing-alongs from the movie oh
that was fun a holiday classic you won't
wanna miss look for Jack Frost the
deluxe edition on DVD that's the story
of Jack Frost
also look for dr. Seuss's How the Grinch
Stole Christmas and the year without a
Santa Claus Deluxe Editions on DVD